Bruce:

Here are some notes related to the OPTODD that randy wrote.

First, we spent quite a bit of time debugging the driver's problems in the checksum
calculation.  It should be OK now, but if you ever get a response of -1 2 0 then 
that indicates that the optodd put out a command that had a bad checksum.

To start the optodd, use a command line like:
optodd -debug 1 -port 9800 -sdev cua1 -baud 9600

Where it is sort of obvious what you need to change to modify settings.  

The opto hardware is set for 9600 baud.  Yes, we can change it, but lets stay 
here for now.  I am leaving the opto test board that I racked up.  Opto is rs-422
and so you need to interface thru the AC-7A or some similar convertor.  When the
computer is connected and talking to the opto unit, the RTS led on the AC-7A
should be lit.
Use a straight (not null modem) DB-25 cable between the computer and the optoboard.
On the board, the Digital (B1 board) is addr FE, and the analog board is FD.

Send the optodd commands as specified in the optomux manual.  You do not need to 
pre-pend the > character or post fix the checksum, the driver will do that for you.
The command letters are case sensitive, so be careful.

You must pre-configure the otpo board for the direction of the position before 
trying to turn things on and off.  For example, here are a few sample commands 
for the digital board:

FEA	#reset power-up clear

FEG7F #set positions 0 - 6 as outputs, 7 as an input

FEK01 #activate output 1

FEL01 # de-activate output 1

FDL01 # return value 01

I have not tried using an actor to write, but it should work.

Optodd returns:

As of right now, a return of 0 0 0 is good, no error.
If the first number is a -1, that seems to be an opto error, where the second
number is the error from the optomux N0x return.
If the first number is a -7, that seems to be a timeout, like you tried to talk
to a board that was not there.
Commands that return a number and are successful, return a 16 bit number in the
second position ( a 0 in the first) but he number is in decimal, so you have to
hex convert.  Sorry bout that.  Maybe get Randy to change that, although it will
go away once we convert to midi anyway.


Good luck.

R.
